Docs - Develop -  Organize Examples (#1432)
iotaledger/wallet.rs: documentation/docs/how_tos/accounts_and_addresses/02_generate_address.mdx

---
title: Generate an Address
description: 'How to generate an address for a wallet account.'
image: /img/logo/iota_mark_light.png
keywords:
- how to
- generate address
- generate wallet address
- account manager
- multi account approach
- single account approach
- nodejs
- python
- rust
---

> import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";

Reviewer: ```suggestion

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
```

import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";
import NodejsCode from "../../libraries/nodejs/how_to/accounts_and_addresses/_02_generate_address/_code_sample.mdx";
import NodejsOutput from "../../libraries/nodejs/how_to/accounts_and_addresses/_02_generate_address/_expected_output.md";
import PythonCode from "../../libraries/python/how_to/accounts_and_addresses/_02_generate_address/_code_sample.mdx";
import PythonOutput from "../../libraries/python/how_to/accounts_and_addresses/_02_generate_address/_expected_output.md";
import RustCode from "../../libraries/rust/how_to/accounts_and_addresses/_02_generate_address/_code_sample.mdx";
import RustOutput from "../../libraries/rust/how_to/accounts_and_addresses/_02_generate_address/_expected_output.md";
import TipAccountApproaches from "../../_admonitions/_tip_account_approaches.md";
import IOTAJsExample from "../../_admonitions/_info_iotajs.mdx";

> After you have [created an account](01_create_a_wallet_account.mdx), you are ready to generate your first address.

Reviewer 2: Not sure how to phrase it best, but during account creation one address is generated, so here it's not the first address anymore
```suggestion
After you have [created an account](01_create_a_wallet_account.mdx), you have a single address in the account. But you can generate more addresses.
```
